Movie Cataloging Application is a web application which allows the users to log the movies they have watched and talk about it. Movies and their respective information is hosted in the platform by the administrators. The platform allows the users to list the movies which they have completed, or the ones which they want to watch in the future with the help of Watchlist. The users can also write Reviews about the movies which they have completed, these reviews are publicly available and can be viewed by other users. The reviews can also be liked by other users which shows whether the review was helpful or not. The Score given by the users in reviews is used for calculating the average score of the Movie. Users can also click on the Movie link to find details about the Movies like the Runtime, Synopsis, Release Date, IMDB rating, and the Actors and Director who have worked on the Movie. A separate Community page is hosted where the users can see the reviews of various other users. An Admin view is available in the platform, which allows the administrators to Add Movies, Artists and Genres in the database. The administrator can also link the Movies and Artist together to show which  artist worked on which movie. The administrator can also link the movies with genres as per the need. The application makes sure that the movies are automatically removed from the Watchlist once it is added to the Completed list. The user can see the comment he/she has posted in a separate Review page. 
